Update platform-specific-code.md (#2645)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/platform-specific-code.md

}
```

> **Pro·tip**: this is the Android API version not the OS version. To find a mapping please refer to: [Android Version History](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_version_history)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: `Version` is set to the Android API version not the Android OS version. To find a mapping please refer to [Android Version History](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_version_history).
```
